Added lighthouse public settings (#1693)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/configuration-settings.adoc

|===
|Description
a|A comma-separated list of endpoints that a server should contact in order to discover other cluster members.
Typically, all cluster members, including the current server, must be specified in this list.
The setting configures the endpoints for Discovery service V2.
|Valid values
a|A comma-separated list where each element is a socket address in the format of `hostname:port`, `hostname`, or `:port`.
|Default value
m|
|===

> [role=label--enterprise-edition, label--new-5.22]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-5.22]
```

To specify multiple roles in this format, separate them with a space.

https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/attributes/role/#formal-role-syntax-for-blocks

[[config_dbms.cluster.discovery.v2.endpoints]]
=== `dbms.cluster.discovery.v2.endpoints`

// label:enterprise-edition[Enterprise Edition]

.dbms.cluster.discovery.v2.endpoints
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description
a|A comma-separated list of endpoints that a server should contact in order to discover other cluster members.
Typically, all members of the cluster, including the current server, should be specified in this list.
The setting configures the endpoints for Discovery service V2.
|Valid values
a|A comma-separated list where each element is a socket address in the format of `hostname:port`, `hostname`, or `:port`.
|Default value
m|
|===

> [role=label--enterprise-edition, label--new-5.22]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-5.22]
```

|Description
a|A comma-separated list of endpoints that a server should contact in order to discover other cluster members.

> Typically, all members of the cluster, including the current server, should be specified in this list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typically, all cluster members, including the current server, must be specified in this list.
```

> The setting configures the endpoints for Discovery service V2.

Reviewer 3: This description should be reflected in the codebase as well. They should fully match.

Author: This [PR](https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/26075) changes the description in the main codebase to reflect these changes.

|Valid values
a|A comma-separated list where each element is a socket address in the format of `hostname:port`, `hostname`, or `:port`.
|Default value
m|
|===

> [role=label--enterprise-edition]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition, label--new-5.22]
```

[[config_dbms.cluster.discovery.v2.endpoints]]
=== `dbms.cluster.discovery.v2.endpoints`

// label:enterprise-edition[Enterprise Edition]

.dbms.cluster.discovery.v2.endpoints
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|A comma-separated list of endpoints that a server should contact in order to discover other cluster members.

Reviewer 3: This description should be reflected in the codebase as well. They should fully match.

Author: This [PR](https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/26075) changes the description in the main codebase to reflect these changes.

> Typically, all members of the cluster, including the current server, should be specified in this list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typically, all cluster members, including the current server, must be specified in this list.
```

The setting configures the endpoints for Discovery service V2.
|Valid values
a|A comma-separated list where each element is a socket address in the format of `hostname:port`, `hostname`, or `:port`.
|Default value
m|
|===

> [role=label--enterprise-edition]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition, label--new-5.22]
```

[[config_dbms.cluster.discovery.version]]
=== `dbms.cluster.discovery.version`

// label:enterprise-edition[Enterprise Edition]

.dbms.cluster.discovery.version
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|This setting allows you to select which discovery service should be started.

Reviewer 3: same here

Author: This [PR](https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/26075) changes the description in the main codebase to reflect these changes.

Author: This [PR](https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/26075) changes the description in the main codebase to reflect these changes.

m|
|===

> [role=label--enterprise-edition]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition, label--new-5.22]
```

> [role=label--enterprise-edition, label--new-5.22]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-5.22]
```

[[config_dbms.kubernetes.discovery.v2.service_port_name]]
=== `dbms.kubernetes.discovery.v2.service_port_name`

// label:enterprise-edition[Enterprise Edition]

.dbms.kubernetes.discovery.v2.service_port_name
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|Service port name for discovery v2 for Kubernetes API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a|Service port name for Discovery v2 for Kubernetes API.
```

Reviewer 3: Also, the period is missing in the codebase.
